hi everybody Robert Dyer I'm here on
location at Westfield Montgomery Mall at
Blaise pieces which is going open
tomorrow
that will be Thursday August 21st I'm
here today for preview to try the pizza
so let's go ahead inside
check out the new restaurant
I'll have it classic
suggested she
it's kind of loud in the restaurant
there so you can better understand me
out here
we got a pizza with the red sauce
mozzarella cheese and gorgonzola cheese
and that was a very rich combination I
like the sauce
much like the dough roller I tried a few
weeks ago it's not too sweet or too
bitter it's just right this has the red
sauce at least Pizza has some extra
virgin olive oil and that adds something
extra to it and
cheese combinations very rich
the press was not too crisp or too
floppy
I would definitely give this Pizza Iowa
of strong four stars and I'm looking
forward to coming in and trying some of
the other variations which is a whole
lot now what else did I try it was of
course the mellow yellow was always five
stars in my book I'm glad they have that
on the drink menu and then I had what
their other specialty is the s'mores pie
which has McVitie's biscuits imported
from they come from the UK and then they
add Hershey's chocolate and of course
marshmallow large marshmallow it's
definitely not a graham cracker like you
would expect it's a different texture a
little more straight ahead sweetness and
of course Hershey's chocolate is
probably the best chocolate in the world
so it's a very good combination and I
actually found out afterward that you
can ask to have your s'mores pie heated
up in the fire so it's just like a real
campfire smores experience so I
definitely recommend you try that and I
will try that the next time I stopped by
but it certainly was plenty good without
the extra fire on it so overall I'd
recommend if you're in the area or if
you're in California Michigan Ohio some
other place they have glazed pizzas so
you definitely stop in and give it a try
the ingredients are artisan
a lot of in everything is put on I think
virtually everything is made in-house
and fresh pizzas are made to order
they're fast fired on an open flame in
less than 180 seconds I believe and
every pizza is going to be eight dollars
or less it's been a very successful
teets emission here at Westfield
Montgomery mall with blaze peace of
today if not a good hair day with the
wind blowing all around but definitely
stopping to try it hope you like this
video share it with your friends please
subscribe and I'll see you next time bye
everybody